
h1. The Robotlegs Sprout Gem

h4. requires sprout, v >= 1.0.26.pre

	Robotlegs ActionScript 3 source wrapped in a Sprout::Specification for implementation into a sprout project and Gem::Specification for distribution as a gem.
	
	The sprout will download the Robotlegs matching version zip from the Robotlegs website and the swc will be copied to lib/robotlegs of your sprout project.
	
h3. Installation

Intended for use with a project using Project Sprouts. 

See information concerning Project Sprouts here: 
* "http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts" http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts
* "http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk" http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk

Add the Robotlegs gem to your Gemfile:

	<pre><code>gem "robotlegs"</code></pre>

Add the Robotlegs library dependency to your Rakefile:

	<pre><code>library :robotlegs</code></pre>

Enter this shell command to resolve gem dependency: 

	<pre><code>bundle install</code></pre>

h3. Ruby Gem

The gem can be installed independently of a project entering this command:

<pre><code>gem install robotlegs</code></pre>

h3. Additional links

* "Robotlegs Site":http://robotlegs.org
* "Robotlegs on GitHub":http://github.com/robotlegs/robotlegs-framework
* "Sprouts Site":http://projectsprouts.org
* "Sprouts on Github":http://github.com/lukebayes/project-sprouts
* "flashsdk sprout on Github":http://github.com/lukebayes/sprout-flashsdk
* "Sprouts Community":http://groups.google.com/group/projectsprouts

h3. Robotlegs License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009, 2010 the original author or authors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.